[blogpost] upcoming nft events the ultimate guide (#6936)
kodadot/nft-gallery: content/blog/upcoming-nft-events-the-ultimate-guide-to-2023's-most-anticipated-gatherings.md

## Top Upcoming NFT Events To Attend in 2023

Having established the importance of attending NFT events, let's now turn our attention to the most anticipated upcoming gatherings of 2023.

## NFT Paris

### When: February 24-25, 2023
### Where: Paris, France
### Price: €50 - €350

An event that is set to be a hub for NFT enthusiasts, [NFT Paris](https://www.nftparis.xyz/) will host speakers from top Web3 companies, offering attendees the chance to learn from industry experts, and network with other leaders.

## NFT LA

### When: March 20-23, 2023
### Where: Los Angeles, California, USA
### Price: $249 - $2,500

[NFT LA](https://www.outeredge.live/) is a vibrant and interactive event that merges Metaverse integrations and IRL conference experiences, ensuring everyone enjoys a fantastic time.

## Miami NFT Week

### When: March 31 - April 2, 2023
### Where: Miami, Florida, USA
### Price: $247 - $497

> [Miami NFT Week 2023](https://metaverse.miami/) is an opportunity to learn about non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and network with your online friends and Web3 communities in person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Miami NFT Week 2023](https://miaminftweek.com/) is an opportunity to learn about non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and network with your online friends and Web3 communities in person.
```
